[REVIEW] Updated CONTRIBUTING.md (#395)
rapidsai/cuml: CONTRIBUTING.md

2. Find an issue to work on. The best way is to look for the [good first issue](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
    or [help wanted](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22) labels

> 3. Comment on the issue saying you are going to work on it

Reviewer: Why remove the references to the developer guide?

Reviewer 2: I was under the impression this developer guide was internal. Do we have a developer guide for cuML on Github?

Reviewer: Yeah, Jiri Added it in https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/blob/branch-0.7/cuML/DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md, for cython a PR from Thejaswi has one as well so we can add it when that PR is in

Reviewer 2: I do remember that, but didn't realize it was in the cuML directory. I do agree, we should keep the references to the developer guide.

4. Code! Make sure to update unit tests!

> 5. When done, [create your pull request](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/compare)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When done, [create your pull request](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuml/compare).
```

> 6. Verify that CI passes all [status checks](https://help.github.com/articles/about-status-checks/). Fix if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Verify that CI passes all [status checks](https://help.github.com/articles/about-status-checks/), or fix if needed.
```

> 7. Wait for other developers to review your code and update code as needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Wait for other developers to review your code and update code as needed.
```

> 8. Once reviewed and approved, a RAPIDS developer will merge your pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once reviewed and approved, a RAPIDS developer will merge your pull request.
```

others know you are working on it. If you have any questions related to the
implementation of the issue, ask them in the issue instead of the PR.

### Branches and Versions

The cuML repository has two main branches: 

> 1. The Master branch: it contains the last released version and only hot fixes are merged to it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `master` branch: it contains the last released version. Only hotfixes are targeted and merged into it.  
```

> 2. Branch-x.y: it is the development branch which contains the upcoming release. All the new features should be based on this branch and Merge/Pull request should target this branch (with the exception of hotfixes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `branch-x.y`: it is the development branch which contains the upcoming release. All the new features should be based on this branch and Merge/Pull request should target this branch (with the exception of hotfixes).
```

    
### Additional details

> There is a new cuML branch called 'branch-0.7', where we will be merging the PRs before the next release. The exceptions to this are the 'hotfixes' which target the issues raised by the Github users and are directly merged to the Master branch. While trying to patch an issue which requires a 'hotfix', please state the intent in the PR. The solution of non-hotfix issues, your development should be pushed into your branch (created using the naming instructions below) and then create a merge request when the code is ready. A few days before release the current development branch (branch-0.7) will freeze and a new branch, 'branch-0.8' will be created to continue merges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every new version `x.y` of cuML there is a corresponding branch called 'branch-x.y`, from where new feature development starts and PRs will be targeted and merged before its release. The exceptions to this are the 'hotfixes' that target the `master` branch, which target critical issues raised by Github users and are directly merged to `master` branch, and create a new subversion of the project. While trying to patch an issue which requires a 'hotfix', please state the intent in the PR. 

For all development, your changes should be pushed into a branch (created using the naming instructions below) in your own fork of cuML and then create a pull request when the code is ready. 

A few days before releasing version `x.y` the code of the current development branch (`branch-x.y`) will be frozen and a new branch, 'branch-x+1.y' will be created to continue development.
```

### Steps for feature development

> 1. Create a new branch based on `branch-x.y` named following the format `<type>-<name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new branch based on `branch-x.y` named following the format `<type>-<name>`, where:
```

    - Type: 
        - fea - For if the branch is for a new feature(s)
        - enh - For if the branch is an enhancement of an existing feature(s)
        - bug - For if the branch is for fixing a bug(s) or regression(s)
    - Name: 
        - A name to convey what is being worked on
        - Please use dashes or underscores between words as opposed to spaces.

> 2. Add a line to the `CHANGELOG.md` file (located in the repository root folder) with a one line description of the functionality implemented in the Pull Request. Please put the line in the adequate section: New Feature, Improvement or Bug Fix. The cuML CI will require this change before a pull request can be merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a line to the `CHANGELOG.md` file (located in the repository root folder) with a one line description of the functionality implemented in the Pull Request. Please put the line in the adequate section: New Feature, Improvement or Bug Fix. The cuML repository CI requires this change before a pull request can be merged.
```

    
### Additional details

There is a new cuML branch called 'branch-0.7', where we will be merging the PRs before the next release. The exceptions to this are the 'hotfixes' which target the issues raised by the Github users and are directly merged to the Master branch. While trying to path an issue which requires a 'hotfix', please state the intent in the PR. A few days before release the current development branch (branch-0.7) will freeze and a new branch, 'branch-0.8' will be created to continue merges.

### Steps for feature development

1. Create a new branch based on `branch-x.y` named following the format `<type>-<ext>-<name>`
    - Type: 
        - fea - For if the branch is for a new feature(s)
        - enh - For if the branch is an enhancement of an existing feature(s)
        - bug - For if the branch is for fixing a bug(s) or regression(s)
    - Name: 
        - A name to convey what is being worked on
        - Please use dashes or underscores between words as opposed to spaces.
    

> 2. Push whatever development you do to this branch as you would normally and when ready for review create a merge request to the appropriate branch

Reviewer 2: Maybe link/point to the "Additional Details" section above, where it outlines which branch is used for the next release.
